Rename 'developer/development credentials' to 'user credentials' (#9500)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/platform/configure-dbt-cli.md

- You must set up a project in <Constant name="dbt" />.
  - **Note** &mdash; If you're using the <Constant name="platform_cli" />, you can connect to your [data platform](/docs/platform/connect-data-platform/about-connections) directly in the <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> interface and don't need a [`profiles.yml`](/docs/local/profiles.yml) file. 

> - You must have your [personal user credentials](/docs/dbt-platform-environments#set-developer-credentials) set for that project. The <Constant name="platform_cli" /> will use these credentials, stored securely in <Constant name="dbt" />, to communicate with your data platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You must have your [personal user credentials](/docs/dbt-platform-environments#set-developer-credentials) configured in **Account settings** assigned to that project. The <Constant name="platform_cli" /> will use these credentials, stored securely in <Constant name="dbt" />, to communicate with your data platform.
```
